Documentation on Pooled Staking (Theoretical) (#145)
moondance-labs/tanssi-docs: learn/tanssi/technical-features.md

=== "Dancebox"
    |             Variable             |                                                                         Value                                                                         |
    |:--------------------------------:|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
    |          Max. # of Block Producers          |                        {{ networks.dancebox.block_producers.configuration.max_block_producers }}      |
    |          Min. # of Block Producers (Tanssi)          |                        {{ networks.dancebox.block_producers.configuration.min_orchestrator_block_producers }}      |
    |          Max. # of Block Producers (Tanssi)          |                        {{ networks.dancebox.block_producers.configuration.max_orchestrator_block_producers }}      |
    |          # of Block Producers (Appchains)          |                        {{ networks.dancebox.block_producers.configuration.block_producer_per_container }}      |

> Once the required number of block producers for a given session is known, Tanssi uses two mechanisms to decide the actual set of block producers that will be distributed among all chains (Tanssi and Appchains). The first mechanism is through the Invunerables module, which sets a list of fixed block producers that are prioritized by the protocol, and serves as a way to ensure block production stability in certain scenarios like TestNets. The second mechanism, is through the [Tanssi staking module](/learn/tanssi/staking){target=\_blank}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the required number of block producers for a given session is known, Tanssi uses two mechanisms to decide the actual set of block producers that will be distributed among all chains (Tanssi and appchains). The first mechanism is through the Invunerables module, which sets a list of fixed block producers prioritized by the protocol and serves as a way to ensure block production stability in certain scenarios like TestNets. The second mechanism is through the [Tanssi staking module](/learn/tanssi/staking){target=\_blank}.
```

> Tanssi staking module helps creating a decentralized set of block producers for Tanssi and all Tanssi Appchains by providing the protocol a sorted list of block producers by staked amount. Then, Tanssi appends the sorted list to the invunerable block producers (if exists), and starts the block producer assignation process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Tanssi staking module helps create a decentralized set of block producers for Tanssi and all Tanssi appchains by providing the protocol a sorted list of block producers by staked amount. Then, Tanssi appends the sorted list to the invulnerable block producers (if exists) and starts the block producer assignation process.
```
